The two of them...
...have a grudge against each other...
...and are fighting each other.
I see. I see.
I heard it in Osaka.
We came to the place...
...and saw the old man's statue.
It was very nostalgic.
But I want to stand up and say...
...that I'm very happy.
I want to stand up and say...
...that they should call me...
...to come here.
That's very easy.
I'll go there.
But...
...the temple is in Kamada village.
It might be too late.
I'll be late.
Oh, the old man.
I'll go there.
After that, the young man...
...was very happy.
He was very happy...
...to see the statue.
Mr. Chubei.
This is a temple.
It's very important...
...that you stay here.
I'm asking you to stay here tonight.
You can die here.
I want to...
...become a nun...
...and meet...
...my future.
I want to...
...become a nun...
...and meet...